{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
SCRIPTING / LANGUAGE LEARNING IN GENERAL\cb1 \
\cb3 How to learn a new scripting or programming language quickly and efficiently (Perl, Python, PL/SQL, Bash, etc...)\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What is the lexical structure of the language?
\b0  how are statements delimited, how are comments separated from code?\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What are the built in data types?
\b0  How is an integer, character, string, real number represented?\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What are the syntactic terms of the language ?
\b0  \'a0How are variables declared? \'a0What are the operators for arithmetic ? are there differences between the way variables or constants are declared? \'a0How is quoting handled? Are there data types for lists, arrays, dictionaries or do you have use a library or API? \'a0Does context of a statement matter? \'a0\'a0\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Does the language have built in support for regular expression matching?
\b0  \'a0how does it work? \'a0are there limits? is it different from other languages approach to pattern matching?\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What are the operators used?
\b0  \'a0 Are they used on the left hand side of the expression or the right hand side of the expression? \'a0 Is there a priority as with arithmetic? \'a0 Look for assignment = , sum, multiply, divide, subtract, relations (greater than, less than, equal to), conditions (if then else, case)\'a0\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	6	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Statements and Declarations
\b0  - how do you create a statement or a declaration in the program? \'a0How is one statement separated from the next? \'a0 What about simple statements and compound statements? \'a0How are loops declared? \'a0How are blocks declared? \'a0 What is the scope of declarations (e.g. global, local to a subroutine or a block?) \'a0\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	7	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
How are subroutines declared? \'a0\'a0
\b0 What information is hidden within the declaration? \'a0 how are parameters passed? \'a0how is the subroutine called inside a program? \'a0are parameters passed by value or by reference?\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \
Once you master this you need to dive deeper and find out about\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
How do you read or write to a file\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What APIs / Libraries are installed in our ordinary builds. \'a0\'a0\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
How do you access a database (esp. Oracle)\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
How do make a call to a web service (RESTFul APIs)\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Are there special features of the language that are unusual (Perl has FORMATS as an example)\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Are there special variables associated with the language (Perl is rotten with these)}